DOCS: Update to add transform steps for canvas data links (#64770)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/canvas/index.md

1. Hover over the element to display the data link tooltip.
1. Click on the element to be able to open the data link.

If multiple elements use the same field name, and you want to control which elements display the data link, you can create a unique field name using the [add field from calculation transform](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/#add-field-from-calculation). The alias you create in the transformation will appear as a field you can use with an element.

1. In the panel editor for the canvas panel, click the **Transform** tab.

> 1. Click **+ Add transformation** and select **Add field from calculation**.

Reviewer: I don't know if this is a new nav change or not, but when I look set up my first transformation, I don't have to click the button; it just shows me a list of transformations to choose from. It's only after I've added one that the button is displayed. Is that the same for you? If so, then I suggest for this sentence:

```suggestion
1. Select **Add field from calculation** from the list of transformations, or click **+ Add transformation** to display the list first.
```

> > If multiple elements use the same field name and you want to control which elements display the data link. You can create a unique field name using the [add field from calculation transform](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/#add-field-from-calculation). The alias you create in the transformation will appear as a field you can use with an element.
> >
> > 1. In the panel editor for the canvas panel, go to the transform tab
> > 1. Click + Add Transformation and select Add field from calculation
> > 1. Choose Reduce Row from the dropdown and click on the field name that you want to use for the element
> > 1. Select All Values from the Calculation drop down
> > 1. Add an alias for the field name.
> > 1. Reference the new unique field alias to create the element and field override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple elements use the same field name, and you want to control which elements display the data link, you can create a unique field name using the [add field from calculation transform](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/#add-field-from-calculation). The alias you create in the transformation will appear as a field you can use with an element.

1. In the panel editor for the canvas panel, click the **Transform** tab.
1. Click **+ Add transformation** and select **Add field from calculation**.
1. Choose **Reduce row** from the dropdown and click the field name that you want to use for the element.
1. Select **All Values** from the **Calculation** dropdown.
1. Add an alias for the field name.
1. Reference the new unique field alias to create the element and field override.
```
